Discover and Get commands for Source Registry (#28)
adobe/aio-cli-plugin-api-mesh: README.md

All commands support `-i` or `--ignoreCache` flag that will force the CLI to ignore the cached Org, Project and Workspace details and prompt the user to select new options just for that action.

Create, Update and Delete support `-c` or `--autoConfirmAction` flag that will not prompt the user for action confirmation mostly used for testing or scaffolding where user prompt can not be handled. This flag is only to be used in certain situations.

> # Sources Registry 

Reviewer: Can you add a brief description of the source registry so the customers can have some context while checking the readme?

> ## Custom Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

All commands support `-i` or `--ignoreCache` flag that will force the CLI to ignore the cached Org, Project and Workspace details and prompt the user to select new options just for that action.

Create, Update and Delete support `-c` or `--autoConfirmAction` flag that will not prompt the user for action confirmation mostly used for testing or scaffolding where user prompt can not be handled. This flag is only to be used in certain situations.

# Sources Registry

> Source registry is collection of the predefined sources (API mesh configuration) that are created for resolve specific use cases. The source can be installed for customer specific API mesh configuration. 
> 
> To submit new source, please follow instruction that is provided in the [Source Registry](https://github.com/adobe/api-mesh-sources/) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source registry is a collection of predefined sources (API mesh source configurations) that are created to solve specific use cases. The source can be installed for customer-specific API mesh configuration. 

To submit a new source, please follow the instructions provided in the [Source Registry](https://github.com/adobe/api-mesh-sources/) repository.
```
